wibe

Inspire. Create. Belive

About us

We're fashion studio based in california. 
We create unique designs that will blow your mind. We also design unique jewellary pieces. 
Fashion is an ART that can not be grasped by everyone.

We are very dedicated to making our products. 
We offer unique and creative products to a wide range of people. 
We have a variety of styles, but for most people, all of the options are in the box. 
We specialize in making things that make you happy.

We strive to build on our vision. As a fashion label, we do our best to create amazing experiences for all people. 
We are always looking to make something that is easy for everyone.


New Collection:

The brand new collection is currently being developed in USA. 
We create our products using best quality material, including the use of some of the pure fabrics to make our products. 
All products are made using the best materials, from the finest cotton to the finest fabrics.

We have lots of different clothing options like shoes, jackets and dresses. 
Not only clothes but we also provide unique Jewellery as well. 
It is great for us to carry our new clothes all around the country and look different.

Famous Quotes Used:
"Fashion is the armour to survive the reality of everyday life."
-- bill cunningham

"One is never over-dressed or under-dressed with a Little Black Dress." —Karl Lagerfeld


New Arrival:
There is new collection available for cool clothes in all sizes. 
This collection is a great way to find a new look for you. 
It offers a variety of cool apparel styles to fit your taste, while you can also find some cool clothes that you can wear everyday.

The first line of clothing you will see on this collection is for men. 
The collection also includes three new styles for women.

Give it a try and experience a new look.



STRUCTURE
<h1>About Us</h1>
<h1>Services</h1>
<h1>Testimoni</h1>
<h1>Contact Us</h1>
<h1>Footer</h1>



Carrot Core is a rapidly growing company based in Bogor, Indonesia. We focus on a diverse range of industries, showcasing our expertise in fashion, creative studio, and perfume.
In the realm of fashion, CarrotCloth.id stands as our flagship brand. Offering a curated collection of stylish and trendy clothing, CarrotCloth.id is dedicated to blending modern design with comfort, catering to the diverse lifestyles of our customers.
Our perfume brand, CarrotParfume, provides a unique and captivating fragrance experience. Each scent we craft reflects beauty and uniqueness, adding an exclusive touch to every moment.
At CarrotStudio, our creative studio, we channel our passion for design and innovation. With a team of dedicated professionals, we create imaginative and stunning design solutions to meet the unique needs of our clients.
Committed to delivering high-quality products and services, Carrot Core continuously innovates to exceed the expectations of our customers. We sincerely thank you for choosing Carrot Core to be a part of your lifestyle and a source of inspiration.